Hello, my name is Luke Brown and I am interested in coming to work for your company Verily as a Software Developer. I have a degree in computer science, a minor in biology, and a few years of work experience in a healthcare environment. I would be a great addition to any software development team at Verily. 
I also have multiple years of experience in the programming languages this job requires, such as java, Javascript, and assembly, with a focus mainly in C++. During my research of the company I have found that much of the work done at Verily is large scale data analysis such as Project Debug, where Verily is attempting to end the existence of mosquitos. This particular project would greatly benefit from my experience with machine learning. I have multiple projects displaying my capabilities available on my Github.
If I were hired for the embedded software development position, I also have experience working with microcontrollers that use ATmega328 and ESP32. I am currently working on a personal project that monitors the weight and water intake of my cat using these specific microcontrollers. With Alphabet’s recent acquisition of Fitbit, my working knowledge of these microcontrollers would be especially useful. 
 Wearable technology is a passion for me, and it has extraordinary potential to change people’s lives. I was especially excited to learn that Verily is actively working on a wearable technology to prevent opioid overdoses through wearable technology. As I am an avid runner my running watch, my own wearable technology, provides me with a significant amount of data that can improve my training. I am regularly experimenting with ways to analyze wearable device provided data, not only for my own interests, but in hopes that a greater good might someday be extrapolated. 
While I know people do not usually die from misinterpreted running data, wearable technology still needs to have a reputation for accuracy. Diabetics’ wearable technology, such as an insulin pump, could result in death from misinterpreted glucose data. From my time working in the hospital I have seen numerous diabetic patients have poor outcomes from mismanagement of their blood glucose. That is why Verily’s project to make a continuous glucose monitor smaller and more affordable is an important mission to me. I saw firsthand the health disparities that these patients faced daily within their routines. I also know that if they had access to cheap and continuous monitoring, I never even would have met these patients.
But not only am I fan of your company, but I am also a fan of your employees! One of my favorite YouTube channels is called Applied Science and it is operated by Ben Krasnow, a senior hardware engineer at Verily. The opportunity to work on a team with people like Krasnow would be the dream because I am always seeking out and reading about the latest in technology that Verily is actively developing. If I were to come work at Verily I know I would be an excellent addition to your group of researchers and engineers, as they are always looking for the next big thing in technology just as I am! Except instead of reading about the latest technology, I would be actively contributing to the discovery of it.
